Uncle my uncle is here
Uncle, you are finally here.
It was hit by this green-haired turtle just now
i
I just scolded you for not being worthy of licking his toes
Who is so brave
It's him, the green-haired turtle.
Chu Chen, weren't you quite arrogant just now?
Now that President Ma is here, are you still arrogant?
Come and meet the old man, haha.
Afraid of being scared
I dare not move
In my opinion
Half dead is small
Bullying my niece
Tired of living
How dare you kick the dragon? This is the dragon kick
Uncle, kill him
Uncle, why are you hitting me?
Your Majesty, you are the lord, apologize sir
Isn't that all rubbish?
Shut up, I'm your disrespect to Lord Long Shuai
What dragon handsome lord